Add vsphere user-data.iso cleanup note (#1601)
rancher/rancher-docs: docs/how-to-guides/new-user-guides/launch-kubernetes-with-rancher/use-new-nodes-in-an-infra-provider/vsphere/provision-kubernetes-clusters-in-vsphere.md

## Creating a VMware vSphere Cluster

:::note

> vSphere node driver or custom clusters created prior to v2.9.1 may have resulted in user-data.iso files being orphaned on node deletion. While [this issue](https://github.com/rancher/rancher/issues/25073) will no longer occur, no automatic cleanup exists for these previously orphaned files. vSphere administrators can manually remove orphaned files, however care should be taken not to remove files in use by existing machines, as this may cause outages for downstream virtual machines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
User-data.iso files may have become orphaned upon node deletion due to a vSphere node driver or custom clusters created before v2.9.1. While [this issue](https://github.com/rancher/rancher/issues/25073) is resolved, no automatic cleanup exists for these previously orphaned files. vSphere administrators can manually remove orphaned files, but be careful not to remove files being used by existing machines, as this may cause outages for downstream virtual machines.
```
